Adding keep_empty argument to list_c, list_cbind, and list_rbind. (#1144)
tidyverse/purrr: NEWS.md

# purrr (development version)

> * Added a new keep_empty argument to list_c(), list_cbind() and list_rbind() which will keep empty elements as NA in the returned dataframe. (#1096)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a new keep_empty argument to `list_c()`, `list_cbind()`, and `list_rbind()` which will keep empty elements as `NA` in the returned data frame. (#1096)
```

Reviewer 2: If you like, you can add your GitHub handle after the issue: `(#1096, @SokolovAnatoliy)` .
